feat(#1816): clarify how to disable purging in app_settings (#1831)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/building/guides/performance/purging.md

Purging is disabled by default, and is enabled if a purge function is specified in `app_settings.json`, along with a run schedule.

> **Important:** Simply removing the `purge` key from `app_settings.json` will not disable purging. To properly disable purging, you must explicitly set the purge key to an empty object, as shown below:
> 
> ```json
> "purge": {}
> ```
> 

Reviewer: issue: Let's move this to the section below called `Configuration`, in that section it's shown how to enable purging, it would be right content-wise to have the how-to-disable purging information there as well.

```suggestion
To disable purging, you need to explicitly configure the purge key with an empty object value, as in this example:

```json
"purge": {}
```

```

Reviewer: The code suggestion not working properly because ``` is being treated as a code block itself. 😅

Reviewer 2: @sugat009 - you can make suggestions on code blocks by increasing the triple tick count.  so go from   3 ticks ( ``` ) to 6 ticks ( `````` ) on the outside set and the inner set will show as code. I've fixed it on your comment above!

Author: Done
